Add Trigger Selector example in Selectors Documentation (#37571)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/selectors.markdown

  entity_id: "sensor.outside_temperature"
  below: 20
```

### Example - Merging with existing triggers

If the trigger(s) should exist within a blueprint that already has some default triggers defined, and an additional customizable trigger should be merged, you need to use the `- triggers` syntax in the blueprint.

```yaml
# Example trigger selector
input:
  my_trigger_input:
    selector:
      trigger:

> triggers:

Author: is this **also** possible? I think the overarching yaml key is called `trigger` (at least that's how I got it in my now working example)

Reviewer: Nope, this syntax has changed. Your added/used syntax is legacy syntax.

Author: Thanks for the info and correcting :)

Reviewer: No problem! Thanks for your contribution ❤️

  entity_id: "sensor.outside_temperature"
  below: 20
```

> ### Example - Merging with existing triggers
> If the trigger(s) should exist within an blueprint that already has some default triggers defined,
> and an additional customizable trigger should be merged, you need to use the `- triggers` syntax in the blueprint.
> ```yaml
> # Example trigger selector
> input:
>   my_trigger_input:
>     selector:
>       trigger:
> trigger:
>   - triggers: !input my_trigger_input
>   - platform: numeric_state
>   [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Example - Merging with existing triggers

If the trigger(s) should exist within a blueprint that already has some default triggers defined, and an additional customizable trigger should be merged, you need to use the `- triggers` syntax in the blueprint.

```yaml
# Example trigger selector
input:
  my_trigger_input:
    selector:
      trigger:
triggers:
  - triggers: !input my_trigger_input
  - platform: numeric_state
  [...]
```
